Release: 2.1.1 (#6191)
Kong/kong: CHANGELOG.md

- [0.9.9 and prior](#099---20170202)

## [2.1.1]

> Released 2020/08/05

### Dependencies

> - Bumped [lua-multipart](https://github.com/Kong/lua-multipart) to `0.5.9`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bump [lua-multipart](https://github.com/Kong/lua-multipart) to `0.5.9`.
```

  [#6148](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/6148)

### Fixes

##### Core

> - No longer reject valid characters according to RFC 3986 in the `path` attribute of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No longer reject valid characters (as specified in the RFC 3986) in the `path` attribute of the
```

>   Service entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Service entity.
```

  [#6183](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/6183)

##### Migrations

> - Fixed a problem with Cassandra migrations for 2.1.0 where empty values in some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix issue in Cassandra migrations where empty values in some entities would be incorrectly migrated.
```

>   fields were migrated erroneously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  [#6171](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/6171)

##### Admin API

> - Fixed the units of memory counts reported by the `/status` endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix issue where consumed worker memory as reported by the `kong.node.get_memory_stats()` PDK method would be incorrectly reported in kilobytes, rather than bytes, leading to inaccurate values in the `/status` Admin API endpoint (and other users of said PDK method).
```

  [#6170](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/6170)

##### Plugins

> - rate-limiting: fixed the behavior of `limit_by = "service"` when running the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- rate-limiting: fix issue where rate-limiting by Service would result in a global limit, rather than per Service.
```

>   plugin globally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  [#6157](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/6157)

> - rate-limiting: perform atomic Redis increments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- rate-limiting: fix issue where a TTL would not be set to some Redis keys.
```
